Rewrite according to updated concepts (#441)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/app-catalog/index.md

+++
title = "The Giant Swarm App Catalog"
description = "Overview of the Giant Swarm App Catalog, how it works and what to expect."
date = "2020-04-07"
weight = 90
type = "page"
categories = ["basics"]
last-review-date = "2020-04-07"
+++

![app-catalog-header](app-catalog-header.png)

The _Giant Swarm App Platform_ refers to a set of features and concepts that allow
you to browse, install and manage the configurations of apps (such as Prometheus)
from a single place; the Control Plane.

> Using this platform we will provide a collection of curated _Apps_. These _Apps_ are grouped into _App Catalogs_, which is browesable through our web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this platform we will provide a collection of curated _Apps_. These _Apps_ are grouped into _App Catalogs_, which are browsable through our web interface.
```

In short: the _Giant Swarm App Platform_ refers to the whole feature, and an _App Catalog_ is a collection of _Apps_.

We provide two _App Catalogs_. You will be able to set up you own additional catalog(s) to provide for any needs you have at the enterprise level.

### What makes up the Giant Swarm App Platform?

Technically the App Platform is implemented as a set of operators
running on your Control Plane and tenant clusters. These operators watch various
Custom Resources, some created by us, and others created by you. Together, they make up
the desired state of the App Platform.

For example, this "App" Custom Resource indicates that you want Kong installed
on a specific tenant cluster.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

Reviewer 2: For proper syntax highlighting
